===== PHASE 2 README =====

[No additional setup is required, the game should just work, if it's been cloned properly]

1. When the game is started, it will show a welcome screen. Click past it.

2. There will be an intro animation, which can be skipped if clicked.

3. Once you click on the intro animation, you will enter the save menu. This is the activity where
the save slots are managed.

4. Upon clicking on an empty save slot, you will be taken to a screen to set your character name.

5. Once a name is set, you will be taken to a screen to set the character preferences, where you can
toggle the difficult, character, and day/night preferences.

6. Upon clicking finish, your account will be saved in the slot you clicked on.

7. If you click on the slot you just created, your stats will be displayed. Once you have played a
game, your highscore and the date and time which you achieved it on will also be displayed.

8. Once your save slot is selected, click on the "Begin your adventure!" button to start the game.

9. You will load into level 1, where you will kill monsters and collect items.

10. Once all the monsters have been killed, you can then proceed to level 2.

11. Level 2 will have you jump over obstacles to get points. Once your health runs out, you have a
short amount of time to collect the items that will appear on screen.

12. Level 3 is a "repeat the sequence" game. Buttons on the screen will flash in a random order, and
they must be clicked in the same order to win the game.

13. Once the game is won, you can use the coins you've earned to purchase keys and potions, which
will help in getting a better high score.

14. There is an easter egg in level 1 where if you have less than 25 health in the highest difficulty
and hasn't collected any coins, you will get a potion and 500 points.


== LEVEL 2 README ==

- There is a significant lag on the virtual device. When coding Level 2, we used a team member's
  android phone, without any lag, as a basis for the speed of the obstacles (how fast their x
  coordinate changes). As such, there will be a big discrepancy between the visual feed of the hero
  touching the obstacle and the code behind it. During presentation, we will be demonstrating this
  level on an android phone instead of the virtual device.

- You may notice that the first obstacle doesn't affect the health points of the hero. This is
  intentional, as we wanted to give a second for the player to adjust to the speed.

- The user will pass the level once 2000 points is reached. Jumping over 1 obstacle gives
  100 points, so this is equivalent to 20 successful jumps.

- If you wish to be able to bypass the 2000 point requirement to make finishing Level 2 easier,
  go to gameLoopAction() method in Level2Activity and change the "else if" statement to
  getScore() >= 100. This way making one successful jump will win the level for you.
